Update configure-dynamic-emergency-calling.md (#6872)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/configure-dynamic-emergency-calling.md

> [!NOTE]
> Dynamic emergency calling including security desk notification isn't supported on the Teams web client. To prevent users from using the Teams web client to call PSTN numbers, you can set a Teams calling policy and turn off the **Allow web PSTN calling** setting. To learn more, see [Calling policies in Teams](teams-calling-policy.md) and [Set-CsTeamsCallingPolicy](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/module/skype/set-csteamscallingpolicy?view=skype-ps).
> 

> [!NOTE]

> > Dynamic emergency calling on Teams phones will not suport WAP for LIS matching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Dynamic emergency calling on Teams phones does not support WAP for LIS matching.
```
